INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE:

1.	BE RESPECTFUL using this script.  Don't do anything that risks the integrity or security of the web server or API.  Please keep the loops to 30 seconds or longer.
	Use at your own risk; this script can impact your $WOF won either positively OR negatively, so use with caution and with frequent monitoring!

2.	PREREQUISITES:
	You will need Python3 to run this script (the script was developed with 3.9.7).  Unfortunately the method of installation of Python is beyond the scope of this instruction document, 
	but there are good instructions at https://www.python.org and some Youtube instructional videos that tailor to each operating system.
	You *may* also need pip3 to install some components the script uses.  If you encounter an error about a missing module, reach out to Galaphine#5831 on Discord for help resolving it.
	
3.	BEFORE RUNNING THE SCRIPT:  Open mysettings.json and change the following:
	a.  Change the value in "wallet_address" to your wallet's value and the value in "authorization_key" to your browser's authorization key.
		How to find the authorization key (for most browsers) - note you will need to connect your wallet to the WOF website if you haven't done so already:
		1.	Open the Developer Tools panel (F12)
		2.	Click on the Network tab. 
		3.	Navigate to the Upcoming races tab and find a race to join; before joining, in the Network panel clear the results so it will be easier to find the row in the next step.
		4.	Click "Join the Race" on the race you want to join; then in the Network panel find the second "join" entry - click this and click the "Headers" tab.  
			Under "Request Headers" should be an entry called "Authorization" - right-click on this and Copy Value, and paste it in the authorization_key value in mysettings.json

	b.	Update the participation_threshold value in mysettings.json:  Set this to the minimum number of participants a race will need before the script enters your best vehicle.  
		A higher number means your vehicle will be back in your fleet more quickly for faster reuse, but there is a chance you may miss out on the race if it fills very quickly.
		A lower number means you will more likely get in the race, but your vehicle will be locked from reuse for a longer period.

	c.  Update excluded_vehicles to list any vehicles you do not want to include in any race regardless of performance.  Enter each vehicle's token ID, separated by commas.

4.  This script is designed only for picking the best based on the following criteria:
	a.	The vehicle's absolute max range vs the race's distance; if the vehicle's range is less than the race's distance, it will be excluded.  At the moment this cannot be overridden.
	b.	The vehicle's type and a lookup to a preprogrammed set of range thresholds, compared against the race's distance.  
		This prevents, for example, trains from racing in distances less than 10km.  This can be overridden by tweaking the script's distanceThresholds variable values.
	c.  The vehicle's speed and emissions rate.  Once vehicles are restricted by the first two criteria above, the final set is sorted by speed and emission rate Descending,
		and the first vehicle in this set is selected for racing.  If you wish to race your worst vehicles for the lottery, you can make one change:
		Change: 
			sortedAvailableVehiclesToRace = sorted(availableVehiclesToRace, key = lambda elem: (elem['speed'], elem['emission']), reverse = True)
		to:
			sortedAvailableVehiclesToRace = sorted(availableVehiclesToRace, key = lambda elem: (elem['speed'], elem['emission']))
		Removing the reverse=True will sort the eligible vehicles by speed and emission in Ascending order instead, basically setting the order from worst to best.
		
	
5.	Once you have completed all the steps above, simply open a command prompt or terminal, navigate to the folder with the script, and type "python3 racejoiner.py".
	Currently the script does not take in any parameters (this may change in the future).
	If you have everything configured correctly the script should successfully connect to the WOF web/API server and begin the process of selecting your best vehicles and entering those in races.
	If you don't have a correct wallet address or the wallet does not have any WOFs, the script should inform you and terminate.
	If you have never entered any races before, the script will not be able to derive your WOF User ID and will inform you and terminate - in this case, simply manually enter at least one race
	via the website before retrying.
	
6.	Lastly, but most of all, HAVE FUN!  This script is not meant to be a substitute for your engagement, but rather give you another tool to better understand how your vehicles perform and how you can 
	optimize their performances.  Please remember to keep an eye on the running script from time to time to make sure it isn't doing anything unexpected.  And stay engaged in the community!
		
Please report any bugs to Galaphine#5831 in the WorldOfFreight Discord.  Thank you!
